Document the preferred Luanti release schedule (#228)
luanti-org/docs.luanti.org: content/for-engine-devs/releasing-luanti.md

# Releasing Luanti

The [feature freeze](#feature-freeze) and release date is set by core developers.

> Historically, the Minetest release intervals were in between half and an entire year. To deliver bugfixes and features more quickly, the goal is to release more often.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Historically, the Luanti release intervals were in between half and an entire year. To deliver bugfixes and features more quickly, the goal is to release more often.
```

we want to call it Luanti, even if it was called Minetest back then, to minimize confusion. can also do "Luanti (then Minetest)" if you think this is important.

Author: Can we settle with `Minetest/Luanti` ? I explicitly used this notation because it predates the whole rename action.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past, the team aimed to release every 6 months. Whilst this was sometimes met, releases were usually delayed significantly often by months. To deliver bugfixes and features more quickly, the goal is to release every 3 months without excuse or delaying a release for a specific feature.
```

Reviewer: "without excuse" realistically seems a bit extreme. if there still are blockers the release needs to be delayed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the past, the team aimed to release every 6 months. Whilst this was sometimes met, releases were usually delayed by months. To deliver bugfixes and features more quickly, the goal is to consistently release every 3 months - without delaying a release for a specific feature.
```

Reviewer 2: > Might Minetest/Luanti be okay too? I explicitly used this notation because it predates the whole rename action. I wonder whether Luanti (then Minetest) is generally understood - as I am not a native English speaker.

It's fine to say Luanti in this case even though it was Minetest at the time. Capturing the intricacies of this is not important information for the reader. When you bloat sentences with unnecessary information it increases the complexity. Best to say Luanti or just leave out the project name
